NoNonsenseFX Notes:

-------------------------PODCAST 3 - 12 (13 is in trade psychology as 1) ----------------------------------------------

3. Which Time Frame In Forex Gives You The Best Results?

	Answer: The Daily Chart, by a long shot

4. How Many Currency Pairs Should You Trade?

	Answer: All currency pairs that include the 8 major economies (not EUR/CHF)
			USD, EUR, GBP, AUD, CAD, NZD, JPY, CHF
		But be careful about pairs involving the USD, because we want to stay unpopular

5. How Much Money Do You Need To Trade Forex Professionally?

	Answer: As an independent trader - min. $300.000,- / 
		In a prop firm - High level of knowledge and experience

6. How Long To Demo Trade Forex?

	Answer: Atleast 6 months, but longer if you're not seeing good results.
		But remember making the jump to real money is essential if you want
		to become a professional FX trader

7. What Equipment Do I need To Trade Forex?

	Answer: Just a laptop

8. Where do I set my leverage?

	Answer: 20 to 1 or go 40 to one if you keep 50% of your trading capital in the bank
		and the other part in your account

9. Should I Buy Forex Indicators?

	Answer: No, because (1) they are made by programmers and not traders and (2) some
		indicators that you have to pay for are terrible, some are good/great, and some
		that are free are terrible and some good/great

		Find an indicator(s) that confirms whether you should go long or go short
		Find an indicator(s) that tells you to exit

10. Forex Broker Review - 4 Things to Always Look For

	Answer: (1) The broker is big and has insurance
		(2) Allows you to demo trade for as long as you want
		(3) Comes with an MT4 option
		(4) Has good customer service

11. Forex Journal Do's and Don'ts

 	Answer: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TJFL1VeZDrlUei9AdJVvl1Fj1RwzEPPXlGBWPQhStaY/edit#gid=0

12. Is Forex Recession-Proof?

	Answer: Yes, but that doesn't mean that you as an individual are recession proof

---------------------------------CORE CONCEPTS (2 - 6)-----------------------------------------

2. Best FX Trading Strategies (THE Top Strategy for Forex Trading)

	Answer: The reason price moves is all because of the BIG BANKS.
		The way we avoid being hit by the big banks is the become a trader that
		trades in a unpopular way.

3. Big Banks Part Two

	Answer: Understand the phenomenon of the big banks and price, don't fight it,
		understand sentiment's role in FX (majorty % goes long/short) and always
		be an unpopular trader:

		Be wary of USD pairs, don't use the same indicators everyone else uses, don't
		trade news events and just stick to your algorithm and Money Management

4. The Best FX Trading Tip I Could Ever Give You (Crucial)

	Answer: Eliminate the things that are bringing your account down, you must know that
		first and foremost.

		(1) Stop using tools that don't work
		(2) Stop trading by "I feel like x will happen
				     because [insert dumb illogical reason]"
		(3) Stop trading without a trade/money management system in place


5. Forex Reversal Trading vs Trend Trading (Don't Screw This Up)

	Answer: Trend trading >>> Reversal trading, because we are not being popular and
		reversal trading makes it too hard to make consistent money in forex.

6 Dirty Dozen

	Answer: (1) News
		(2) Trend Lines (number 1 worst)
		(3) Support/Resistance lines
		(4) RSI
		(5) Bollinger Bands
		(6) Fibs
		(7) Japanese Candlesticks
		(8) Stochastics O.
		(9) Moving Average Crossovers
		(10) Chart Patterns
		(11) CCI
		(12) Price Levels
		(13) ADX
		(Extra) Any indicator that dictates whether price is over(bought / sold)



------------------------TRADE PSYCHOLOGY (1 - 7) / (9 - 14) / (16 - 18)------------------------------------------------

1. Forex Trading Psychology - Top 3 Things You Need As A Trader

	Answer: (1) Initiative
		(2) Discipline
		(3) Patience

2. Forex Trading Psychology - Initiative - Get Some!

	Answer: Just a motivational video

3. Forex Trading Discipline - You Have No Choice Here

	Answer: (REALLY IMPORTANT) (1) Take the time to develop a system
				   (2) Take trades that satisfy your entire system
				   (3) Don't look at it!
		Don't deviate from the system and realize that you're not smarter than
		your system

4. Forex Losing Streaks - How To Deal

	Answer: Don't panic, losing streaks are nothing out of the ordinary. Don't change
		your system that you spend so long (back/forward) testing. Keep trading
		and keep improving (not changing) your system

5. Forex Trading Psychology - Patience (You Lack It)

	Answer: Have an overall patient approach to FX, this is not a make money quick business.
		Embrace the long game and do what needs to be done to become a better trader
		day-in day-out, because most traders don't have this.

6. Forex Trading Psychology - How To Screw Up Winning Trades

	Answer: AGAIN 	(1) Take the time to develop a system
	       	        (2) Take trades that satisfy your entire system
	    	        (3) Don't look at it!
		If you start winning big, don't let it get to your head and think you can start
		risking more. Keep following the same steps.

		If you're winning small, don't let it get to your head and start making changes
		to your system, YOU ARE WINNING. Keep following the same steps

7. Forex Trading Psychology - How To Lose

	Answer: REMEMBER SAME THING STEPS 1, 2 and 3.
		Take the testing fases of your system extremely seriously, let losses happen
		and make sure you're good to go systematicaly and emotionally.

9. Worst Market Ever For FX Traders?

	Answer: AGAIN THE SAME STEPS 1, 2 and 3.
		If there is ever a bad market, don't let it phase you and keep trading (as long
		as your system tells you to). Don't make trades just because you want to have
		a trade open or because of FOMO.

10. Desperation The Destroyer

	Answer: Desperation will lead to the number 1 thing that goes against trade psychology,
		which is trading with emotion. Embrace the long game and embody a patient
		approach to FX and trading.

11. "Trading The Zone" By Mark Douglas

	Answer: Not much info that hasn't been talked about. 

12. It's A Conspiracy!

	Answer: Don't let your own thought/biases about what's going on behind the scenes
		affect your investments too much, because you could be wrong.
		Don't group-think

13. Experience - There Is No Substitute

	Answer: In the world of FX there is nothing that makes a trader more valuable than his
		experience. A trader must make the jump from demo money to real money if he
		wants to become a pro FX trader, because Demo- and RM trading are a different
		ball game. Experience is also necessary to further develop your Trade 
		Psychology

		Real Money Trading Experience >>> Demo Trading Experience.

14. No Goals, No Projections

	Answer: This video is a sequel* to the patience video. Pretty much you shouldn't set
		goals and make projections in your FX career, but you should focus all your
		time and energy on just becoming a better trader everyday. Goals can be good
		if they're realistic and give you motivation/discipline, but not if they're
		unrealistic and/or lead to desperation.

16. FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out) In Investing

	Answer: (1) FOMO trading is bad if you're trading with your emotions and not your system
		(2) FOMO can be good if you have a plan and do it right

		FYMO (Fear You Missed Out) can be good if you trade with money you can lose and
		also remember, unless you're system tells you that you missed out, you should
		never make assumptions about the market or the price just because you feel like it


17. Perseverance - Just Keep Trading

	Answer: Whatever happens in your FX career, just keep trading and don't quit. If you
		fail realize you have so many options since you developed a skill that can make
		you and other people money that you can use, teach, automate, etc.

		The goal with Trade Psychology is becoming completely zen when you trade and
		remove any emotion that interferes with trading FX.




---------------------------------MONEY MANAGEMENT (1 - 14)-------------------------------------

1. The Money Management Forex Traders MUST Understand

	Answer: Pretty much a introduction to the playlist where he tells you that Money
		Management is the most important thing in Forex Trading and will set you
		apart from other traders.

2. The ATR Indicator Is The Single Best Indicator Forex Traders Can Have (Use It or Lose It)
	
	Answer: The ATR is incredibly important in FX because it calculates the risk that
		comes with a currency pair and knowing your risk is essential.


3. Forex Risk -- A Structure You Can Follow Right Now

	Answer: Magic # For the ATR = 1.5x the ATR for a currency pair
		Your SL should be 1.5x the ATR away from where price is now

		(1) Find out what 2% of your account is = Your Risk
		(2) Figure out 1.5x ATR of the currency pair
		(3) RISK / 1.5 ATR = Pip value (example: $6 per pip)

		Algorithm (system)
		(1) ATR
		(2)
		(3) Confirmation indicator
		(4)
		(5)
		(6) Exit indicator

		Do not trade the same currency more than once at 2% risk (Example):
		EUR/USD short, AUD/USD short, USD/JPY long, etc.

		If you get a long signal EUR/JPY and EUR/AUD, pick one and ride it.
		You can't take every trade, unless you go 50/50 (1%) in this case


4. Leverage and Margin in Forex Trading (SAME AS IN PODCAST 8)
5. Forex Journal Do's and Don'ts (Same as Podcast Episode 11)

6. Forex Risk Ratios - Should You Use Them?

	Answer: Don't use ratios ever (2:1, 3:1, etc.), don't take profit at major S&R levels,
		have a plan that involves scaling out and never cap your upside.

7. Exit Indicators and Time (Podcast Episode 18)

	Answer: A trade should only end in 3 ways: (1) It hits your SL
						   (2) It hits your break-even SL
						   (3) Your exit indicator says the trend is
						       over and you should exit

		Your Exit Indicator should have 2 things: (1) Be able to let the trade breath
							      and not cap your upside.
							  (2) Should get you out of a trade
							      before price goes down and hits
							      your break-even SL
						  
8. Heiken Ashi Trading Strategy - Forget What You've Heard

	Answer: How not to use the Heiken Ashi:
					(1) Do not enter trades using Heiken Ashi

		How to use the HA:
				(1) Enter a trade using your own system (trend)
				(2) Take initial profit and scale out. Move SL to BE
				(3) AFTER 2!!! Use HA to manage the rest of your trade
				(4) You can use the HA to measure the results against other
				    exit indicators you find. If it does worse than the HA,
				    you should ditch it.

		The Heiken Ashi is better than nothing, for beginners only, always look for
		a better exit indicator. Once you find something better, you won't need HA.

9. Forex Trade Management - Scale Out!!

	Answer: How to enter a trade:
			(1) Figure out your risk.
			(2) Enter two half trades.
			(3) Put in SL
			(4) Put in take profit (the exact ATR) on one
			*(5) When the trade has hit your first take profit, you move the SL
			     of the other trade to break-even
		
		If your price hits your TP, move your SL to break-even and then use your
		other tools to let the trade run.

10. Monthly Returns In Forex - What's Good? (Podcast Episode 20)

	Answer: Don't set profit targets for the month, only look for long term results	
		(6 months / 12 months)

		A 6 to 12 month period shows you a more realistic view of what results your
		system produces and/or will produce in the future

11. Adding On To A Winning Trade (Podcast Episode 25)

	Answer: Adding on to a trade means increasing your position in a trade when a
		trade is going your way

		Don't add on to a winning trade, because this is FOMO trading.
		Your system that got you into that trade, got you in the trade at the exact
		right time and you if you FOMO trade, you trade against your system.

12. Dollar Cost Averaging and Martingale (Podcast Episode 40)

	Answer: Don't DCA or use the Martingale system

13. Trailing Stops In Forex

	Answer: When to place a trailing stop?
				(1) Price has closed > or = 2x ATR from your entry point
				(2) The TS goes 1.5x ATR below the price
				(3) If price goes according to plan (long/short) then move
				    your TS by the same amount of pips that price moved from
				    your entry level, but don't touch it otherwise
	

14. Don't Split Your Risk (Podcast Episode 72)

	Answer: If you have your money in two different accounts/brokers, for example $10k in
		account A and $10k in account B, then your risk should be 4% of that account
		4% of $10k = $400,- and you should set your leverage to 30:1 or 40:1.

		
------------------------------------TECHNICAL ANALYSIS-----------------------------------------

1. Forex Indicators - By Far, The Best Way To Trade

	Answer: Indicators > Price Action
		
		9 Rules: (1) There is work involved
			 (2) Forex is not stocks
			 (3) There are > 35 indicators
			 (4) Kill your sacred cow
			 (5) Newer indicators are usually better than older ones
			 (6) Trend >>> Reversals	
			 (7) You have to test indicators
			 (8) You'll need more than 1 indicator in your system
			 (9) Money Management & Trade Pyschology >>> Technical Analysis

		#1 Find better stand-alone indicators and combine THEM
		#2 Test a bunch of indicators first, and then go in depth into the WINNERS
		#3 Don't listen to other people when they talk about their 'success' with
		   certain tools, it was not the tools/indicators they used but their MM & TP

2. 12 Technical Analysis Forex Tools To AVOID Always

	Answer: Already covered - Core concepts 6

3. The ATR Indicator

	Answer: Already covered in MM	

4. The RSI Indicator is one of the WORST Forex Indicators You Could Possibly Use.

	Answer: Don't use the RSI, EVER!!!

5. Forex Trend Indicators for the No Nonsense Forex Algorithm

	Answer: To find the best places that have the most indicators you should go to the
		blog for episode 9

		What to look for in a trend/confirmation indicator:
				(1) Doesn't get you in too early
				(2) Doesn't get you in too late
				(3) Avoids whipsaws and false trends

		Three Main Types of indicators:
				(1) Zero-line cross: An indicator that tells you to enter a
						     trade once it has crossed its zero line.

				(2) Lines that cross each other: When one line crosses another,
								 it's time to make a trade.
								 (Aroon U&D is in the top 100)

				(3) Chart indicators: Indicators that go on the charts that
						      signals when a trend is changing. (It
						      goes on the chart instantly and you don't
						      have to put it there yourself)

6.


7. MACD Indicator (It's Not Great, BUT....)

	Answer: If you find an indicator that has 2 lines that cross and have a 0-line:
		
		Longs:
		1. The lines must be already above the 0 for longs
		2. When they cross upward go long, but the line cannot have gone below 0-line

		Shorts:
		1. The lines must already be below 0 for shorts
		2. When they cross downward go short, but the line cannot have gone 
		   above the 0-line

		1. Don't use the classic MACD's, but you can use the MACD's given in the blog
		2. Don't use them to call reversals
		3. The biggest trades you will make can happen because of an indicator that
		looks like the MACD

		¿ CONTINUATION INDICATOR part of the algorithm ?

8. Forex Price Levels - Way Better Off Without Them

	Answer: Ignore price levels completely, use indicators for entries and exits

9. Heiken Ashi Trading Strategy - Forget What You've Heard (Same as in 8 of MM)

10. The Best Forex Fibonacci Strategy Is Not To Do It

	Answer: Don't use Fibs, ignore people who talk about them and use indicators instead

11. Forex Indicator Basics (With a Bonus)

	Answer: When using the ATR to dictate your risk, you should look at the ATR from the
		candle that closed before the current candle to get the accurate ATR or
		place a trade 30 min (max) before the candle closes.

		To get the most accurate information from an indicator wait to the candle
		closes or look at the charts 30 min (or less) before the candle closes.

		How to read charts fast:
		(0) Manage your current trades
		(1) Take your main confirmation indicator
		(2) Just read that one only
		(3) If it gives you no signal than move on, but if it does then start looking
		    at your other indicators in your system.  

12. Forex Volume Indicator - Our Oxygen Meter

	Answer: Algorithm UPDATED:
		1) ATR
		2) ???
		3) Confirmation indicator
		4) ???
		5) Volume indicator
		6) Exit indicator

		What a good Volume indicator does:
		1) Tells you when there is enough volume to trade
		2) Prevents you from taking bad trades
		3) Lags as little as possible
		4) When volume isn't there = NO TRADE!!!

		When backtesting a volume indicator, make sure you look at the trades that
		the indicator told you not to participate (that would have been a loss) and
		look at the trades the indicator told you not to participate in (that would
		have been a win).

		Taking less losses is equally as important as taking more wins

13. Volume Indicators Part 2 (And A Free Tool)

	Answer: Volume is not volatility.
		*If your volume indicator doesn't stop you from trading once, then you don't
		have a good volume indicator

		Volume creates volatility and liquidity, they can both happen without volume
		but it is very unlikely

		Don't use the ATR as a volume indicator, because:
		1) No consistency over time
		2) The bar is always moving
		3) Really hard to backtest

		FREE TOOL:
		1) barchart.com
		2) $EVZ
		3) Bookmark it
		4) The number is 8

		1) Volume and Volatility indis are in the same group
		2) Use the tool if it helps
		3) Always keep improving on this

14. Forex Trend Lines Are A Bad Idea Always

	Answer: Don't use trend lines, do this instead: 
		1) Step outside of the bubble (dirty dozen)
		2) Find and test some of the 1000s of other options
		3) Combine the good tools
		
15. Lower Time Frames For Entries/Exits (Podcast Episode 30)

	Answer: Trade the daily chart and don't use other time frames to make trades

		"The DAILY chart" will lead to a little less wins that are BIG or GIGANTIC
		"Lower time frame charts" will lead to a little more wins that are often small

		The daily chart is overall the most accurate chart even compared to monthly and
		weekly chart

16. Faster Ways To Test Forex Indicators (Podcast Episode 32)

	Answer: 5 categories to disqualify an indicator:
		1) An indicator that only follows price
		2) If the (screenshot) example shows that the indicator sucks, don't bother
		3) If an indicator gives to many signals
		4) Any indicator that goes on the chart and shows Support & Resistance
		5) Any indicator you cannot modify or change the settings

17. The Saga of the TDI Indicator

	Answer: 1) Avoid the TDI indicator
		2) Learn how to spot and test for "REPAINTING INDICATORS":
			2.1) An indicator that shows different data after-the-fact
			2.2) Gives different signals in hindsight than in real time

18. Putting A Moving Average on an Indicator Makes Things Happen

	Answer: If you find an indicator that isn't completely terrible, but isn't great eather
		then put a moving average on it and see if it improves.

		When adding a moving average (on an indicator that is a 0 line) it becomes
		a two lines cross indi... aswell.

19. Forex Chart Patterns - So Pretty, But So Deceiving

	Answer: Don't pay attention to chart patterns

20. My Forex Algorithm - Part 5 Revealed

	Answer: Algorithm UPDATED:
		1) ATR
		2) ???
		3) Confirmation indicator
		4) 2nd Confirmation indicator
		5) Volume indicator
		6) Exit indicator

		If your 1st confirmation indicator is one of these:
		1) Zero-Cross ---> Either this will be the 2nd
		2) Two Lines Cross ---> 1st
		3) Chart indicator ---> Or this will be the 2nd

		How to test:
		1) Your main confirmation indicator makes all of the decisions for entry
		2) The 2nd confirmation indicator should give the green/red light

21. Price Action vs Indicators (Podcast Episode 37)

	Answer: It doesn't matter, you can have success trading FX with the NNFX way or the
		casuals way, but the NNFX way is still better and provides more success

22. Renko Charts - Wanna Be A Pioneer?

	Answer: There is an oppurtunity within Renko Charts, but it might also lead to a waste
		of time.

		Pros of RC's:
		1) Filter out noise
		2) Things like Fibs and Trend lines will be useless
		3) Money Management will be tight
		4) Since RC's will give indicators different data than regular charts, it can
		   lead to some beautiful results with indicators you may have discarted

		Cons of RC's:
		1) Not always as good as it looks
		2) Not very adjustable
		3) You have to be present for every entry/exit, since RC's don't opperate on
		   a single time frame

23. Top 100 Forex Indicator - The SSL

	Answer: The SSL in inside of VP's top 100 (50-100) indicators

		It is a CONFIRMATION and an EXIT indicator that goes on the chart and VP had
		some really good success with it. He recommends putting the alarms off, because
		you want to let your system do what it does, and make sure you're trading with
		a volume indicator.

		https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbklQNzRtRncybEZCV2huaE9rVUZEZmhYZW5HUXxBQ3Jtc0ttRnVmTFUycWVkSVZKWFpZWmJRLUFnOU5SRkRXb2lCOHN5UmktT1lIRHRrQ3Q1ZFRSWnUxTmFHY0Vybld4NG1JNzV6b1paek9QRWlaS0ZRUC0zb1BRaGc3ai1oNEc1aWdia0dZVEMyZWlrMi10LVBicw&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.best-metatrader-indicators.com%2Fssl-channel-chart-alert-indicator%2F&v=Jv6KVnxdCjQ

24. Forex Support and Resistance - Better Off Without It

	Answer: Simple, DON'T USE S&R LINES!!! EVER!!!

25. Exit Indicators - Worth A Lot More Than You Think

	Answer: What an exit indicator does:
		1) Gets you out at the most optimal point on a winning trade, and before it
		   hits your Trailing Stop
		2) Gets you out of a losing trade before it hits your SL
		3) Tells you when to exit a stagnating trade

		Rules of an exit indicator:
		1) Can be the same as your Confirmation Indicator
		2) If it's not the same as you CI, it only goes on the chart after you have
		   entered a trade
		3) Exit when it tells you to

		Examples:
		1) A two line cross would be the best for an exit indicator 
		2) Could be your best reversal indicator. (When an exit indicator tells you
		   that the price is going to other way (end of a trend), it doesn't persé
		   mean that it tells you to enter a reversal)
		3) Heikin Ashi
		4) RELATIVE VIGOR INDEX (Not good for entries, decent for exits (a gate keeper
		   like the Heikin Ashi)) How it works is when you look to exit, you wait
		   for the "yellow" line that is behind the "red" line to cross with eachother.
		   VP puts it on (8)

26. Moving Average Crossovers in Forex -- There's a Better Way

	Answer: (1) MA Crossovers are not the best way to trade, (2) having an MA as a baseline 
		is way better

		Final version of the algorithm:
		1) ATR
		2) BASELINE (Something that tells you that tells you you're in a trend)
		3) Confirmation indicator
		4) 2nd Confirmation Indicator
		5) Volume indicator
		6) Exit indicator

		Basics of the Baseline indicator:
		1) If price is above your baseline, you're not allowed to take shorts
		2) If price is below your baseline, you're not allowed to take longs
		3) Enter when price crosses and closes beyond the baseline
		3.1) But your algorithm must allow it
		
		9 examples of Baselines:
		SMA | EMA | TEMA | FRAMA | VIDYA | TMA/TRIMA | McGinley Dynamic | DEMA | AMA

27. Forex Baseline - We Go Deep

	Answer: When you use a baseline:
		1) If price is above your baseline, you're not allowed to take shorts
		2) If price is below your baseline, you're not allowed to take longs
		3) Enter when price crosses and closes beyond the baseline
		3.1) But your algorithm must allow it
		4) Exit a trade when it crosses and closes the other way
		
		When making trades from now on, you should look at both your confirmation
		indicator and your baseline

		Where should your baseline go:
		1) Match your baseline up with the rest of your algorithm
		2) Everything needs to agree to trade
		3) Ultimatily in a place which filter out losses

		If your baseline tells you it's time to enter a trade, but your other
		indicators aren't saying it yet, then wait for your indicators to give you a
		signal

28. Pullbacks In Forex - Don't Get Crazy Here

	Answer: Rules for pullbacks:
		1) Applies when price, in one candle, has shot way past your baseline
		2) Do not enter if price has traveled more than 1x the ATR beyond it
		3) Wait for a pullback (one candle rule)

		If then:
		(1) If you are just waiting for your indicators to catch up, and when they do,
		price is more than 1x ATR. (2) Do not trade. Don't wait for a pullback. Abort.

		Avoid PullBack-itis:
		1) Only use this tactic when it applies
		2) Never use it anywhere else
		3) I don't care if price is one pip away from qualifying for this

29. Forex Algorithm Trading - Continuation Trades
	
	Answer: REMEMBER:
		1) If your exit indicator OR your confirmation indicator flips the other way,
		   exit the trade
		2) You're not necessarily done here

		The Rules We Break/Follow
		1) (Break) No trading if price goes past 1x ATR of the baseline
		2) (Break) Ignoring the Volume Indicator

		1) (Follow) Price must never have crossed the other way on our baseline
		2) (Follow) Money Management is still the same

30. Learn Ichimoku Kinko Hyo In Under 30 Minutes

	Answer: 5 pieces of the Ichimoku Kinko Hyo:
		1) Tenkan-san (fast MA)
		2) Kijun-sen (slow MA)
		3) Senkou Span A (makes the cloud)
		4) Senkou Span B (makes the cloud)
		5) Chikou Span (wild card)

		Rules of the cloud:
		1) If price is above (or below) the cloud, only long trades (or short) are
		   allowed
		2) If price is in the cloud, don't trade
		2.1) Or risk half when you have a good entry system

		Rules of Entry:
		1) When the Tenkan crosses the Kijun upward when price is OVER the cloud,
		   you go long
		2) When the Tenkan crosses the Kijun downward when price is BELOW the cloud,
		   you go short

		Money Management:
		1) Always have a stop loss
		2) On winning trades, let the trade run until the price crosses and closes the
		   other way across the Tenkan

		Chikou Span:
		1) Must be above the cloud for an allowed long
		2) Must be below the cloud for an allowed short
		3) This one is optional

31. Ichimoku Strategy - Break It Down
	
	Answer: The Ichimoku is a basic system that will give you solid results, but never
		good enough to make it to the pros

		The Chikou Span should not be included

		The only way you can use the Cloud is the standard way, but even that will not
		end up being profitable over time
		
		Kijun-Sen = The only good part of the Ichimoku and is a great BASELINE top 100
		Do not adjust the settings
		Follow the instructions of the Baseline video at NNFX

		Download for the kijun-sen: 
		https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1180838?d=1366836061

32. Williams%R Indicator - Flip It

	Answer: Rules to use for the W%R Indicator:
		1) Go lower than the normal setting (10 or lower)
		2) Lower TF's do work better
		3) It's a confirmation indicator
		4) Not great for continuations
		5) Wait for the line to enter overbought territory (0/-20) for a long
		6) Wait for the line to enter oversold territory (-80/-100) for a short

		Not an amazing indicator, but the main message is you should look for other
		ways to use an indicator than how it's supposed to be used

33. Japanese Candlesticks - You Need To Hear This

	Answer: Don't use JC's to make trades

34. Advanced Forex Strategy - NNFX Traders Only

	Answer: A strategy/tip to follow:
		1) Price must cross and close past your baseline
		2) Everything (indicators) all lines up for a trade
		3) ...but your confirmation indicator gave you the single more than 7+ candles
		   ago
		4) ...that means no trade

35. CCI Indicator - If You Only Knew

	Answer: The CCI is pretty bad, there are WAY MORE indicators out there and when you
		backtest your indicator, ALWAYS BE TRUTHFUL TO YOURSELF AND DON'T LIE

36. Parabolic SAR - Yeah, No. But Maybe.

	Answer: *VP doesn't like this indicator

		How it works:
		1) When the dots flip under the price, you go long
		2) When the dots flip over the price, you go short
		3) It is a reversal indicator (red flag)

		If you want to trade the Parabolic SAR this is how you do it:
		1) It only works when using it to dictate when continuation trades happen
		2) For a short signal: (First place a baseline) Wait until the price is BELOW
		   the baseline, and when it is see if the dots go ABOVE price first and then
		   BELOW price. Like \/
		3) For a long signal: (First place a baseline) Wait until the price is ABOVE
		   the baseline, and when it is see if the dots go BELOW price first and then
		   ABOVE price. Like /\
		
		Much better options for trend trading, but if you use it ONLY use it for
		continuation trades

37. Elliot Waves -- The Bottomless Pit (Podcast Episode 64)

	Answer: Don't invest in Elliot Waves, they try to predict what happens in the future
		and you always want to TRADE THE MARKET IN FRONT

38. Absolute Strength Indicators (2X)

	Answer: Absolute Strength Indicators (2X) (All three TOP 100 INDICATORS)!!!

		AS Histogram: https://www.best-metatrader-indicators.com/absolute-strength-histogram/
		AS Oscillator: Dont know???
		
		REX (exit indi.) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPKBORvn4Vw

39. Awesome Oscillator Explained (And Made Fun Of)

	Answer: Not an amazing indicator, but know how to eyeball these which ones have
		potential.

40. DiDi Index (Top 100 (possibly 50) Forex Indicator)

	Answer: Ways to use this indicator:
		1) Get rid of the faster line
		2) The default settings aren't the best
		3) You can tweak the settings by altering MA2 and MA3!!! (IMPORTANT *MA3 to 25)
		4) Can be a 1st or 2nd confirmation indicator
		
		After you have eliminated the faster line:
		1) When the slower line goes above the 0 line, it's a short signal
		2) When the slower line goes below the 0 line, it's a long signal

------------------------------------------BACKTESTING------------------------------------------

1. Backtesting Indicators (Podcast Episode 21)

	Answer: BEFORE LOOKING FOR INDICATORS:
		1) Watch the video (or summary) of the Trend Indicators / Scaling out
		2) Read the blog for Trend Indicators / Scaling out

		HOW TO BACKTEST A CONFIRMATION INDICATOR:
		1) Pick a currency pair (daily chart)
		2) First use the default settings
		3) Put the ATR below that
		4) Go back 6 to 12 months min. and 2 to 3 years back max.
		5) Look at how many signals it gave you
		6) Search for which signals gave you a win and which gave you a loss:
			6.1) If the ATR was 80 pips, and after it gave you a entry signal
			     price moved 80 pips in the right direction, ITS A WIN. If not,
			     then it's a loss
			6.2) Add up all the wins and losses and calculate your WIN/LOSS %
			       	WIN
			     ---------   =  WIN/LOSS %
			     WIN + LOSS
			     And put it all on a spreadsheet
		7) End up with about 3 to 4 Confirmation Indi's that give you good results
		   (60% or above WIN/LOSS %)

2. Backtesting A Full System (Podcast Episode 47)

	Answer: HOW YOU BACKTEST A FULL SYSTEM:
		1) Decide how far back you want to go AND how many pairs you're going to test
			1.1) At the start only go back about a year and only do a few pairs
			1.2) If you're sure about your system, go back atleast 3 years
		2) Every single time it (system) gives you a trade, you trade it
		3) Calculate your ROI

		


